# JSOxford Code of Conduct

All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our conference are required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will enforce this code throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation from all participants to help ensuring a safe environment for everybody.
tl;dr: Be excellent with each other


## Need Help?

we need the list of organizers here (would this be the leadership team on meetup.com?).


## The Quick Version

Our meet-ups are dedicated to providing a harassment-free meet-up experience for everyone, regardless of gender, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion (or lack thereof). We do not tolerate harassment of meet-up participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any meet-up venue. Meet-up participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the meet-up without a refund (if applicable) at the discretion of the meet-up organisers.


## The Less Quick Version

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention.
Participants asked to stop any harassing behaviour are expected to comply immediately.
Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular, sponsors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other material. Booth staff (including volunteers) should not use sexualised clothing/uniforms/costumes, or otherwise create a sexualised environment.
If a participant engages in harassing behaviour, the meet-up organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the meet-up with no refund (if applicable).
If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of meet-up staff immediately. 
Meet-up staff will be happy to help participants contact venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the meet-up. We value your attendance.

We expect participants to follow these rules at meet-up venues and related social events.
